fixed command syntax for OSS and Enterprise backups (#3686)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/enterprise_influxdb/v1.9/guides/migration.md

   add the IP and hostname of your OSS instance to the `/etc/hosts` file.
   This will allow the nodes to communicate with the OSS instance.

3. On the OSS instance, take a portable backup from OSS using the **influxd backup** command 
with the `-portable` flag:

   ```sh
   influxd backup -portable -host <IP address>:8088 /tmp/mysnapshot
   ```

   Note the current date and time when you take the backup.
   For more information, see [influxd backup](/influxdb/v1.8/tools/influxd/backup/).

4. Restore the backup on the cluster by running the following:

   ```sh
   influxd-ctl restore [ -host <host:port> ] <path-to-backup-files>
   ```
   

>     > NOTE:  InfluxDB Enterprise uses the **influxd-ctl utility** to backup and restore data.  For more information, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > **Note:**  InfluxDB Enterprise uses the **influxd-ctl utility** to back up and restore data.  For more information, 
```
